README FILE


Nur ‘Atikah Binti Abdul Hafiz 1721904
Nur Ain Aqilah Binti Muhammad Rudaini 1723272
Nurul Nabilah Binti Abd Rahman 1726450

The art of baking is a website that displays and educate people to the art of french baking.


1. Group contribution
    
    Each of the team members prepared 4 - 5 pages for the progress presentation as shown as table 

 2. Contributions
 
	Nur Ain Aqilah
	* Pages: Main Page, measurement,history
        * Web Elements: icon, link, image
	* Parallax effect, fix menu

	Nur ‘atikah 
	* Pages : all the recipes (8 pages) for the bread,the recipes (4 pages) for the dessets, the menu page for bread and the menu for the desserts
	*hover effect
	*web elements: icon, image, link
	*all the content of the recipes.




	Nurul Nabilah
	* Page:history,4 pages of the desserts, measurement
        * convertion of measurement and 
        * web element : reference link
	* auto converter


	



 
      3.     Use of third party resources


        Web Elements
	  Team member
	    Modifications
	
	Images for Home page
	    Nur Ain Aqilah
	      All images are resized using CSS
	      
	Images for all the food recipes
	    Nur ‘Atikah
	      Resized images using CSS
	      
	Images for all the background picture
	    Nurul nabilah
	       Resized with css
	





        References


Wesual Click. Unsplash. Retrieved 24 March 2019 from 
https://unsplash.com/photos/rsWZ-P9FbQ4
Nadya Spetniskaya. Unsplash. Retrieved 24 March 2019 from 
https://unsplash.com/photos/tOYiQxF9-Ys
Jonathan Pielmayer. Unsplash. Retrieved 24 March 2019 from 
https://unsplash.com/photos/j1gr2w10EtQ


Clark Young. Unsplash. Retrieved 24 March 2019 from 
https://unsplash.com/photos/jfbMODLPrQ0

Kjartan Einarsson. Unsplash. Retrieved 26 April 2019 from
https://unsplash.com/photos/1V-sKpHHju4


Hans Danial ,1070x722 pexels,Retrived 1 March 2019 from
https://eatandtreats.blogspot.com/2014/10/sophie-authentique-french-bakery-kemang.html


Bethany Moncel ,Measurement, Retrived 1 March 2019 from
https://www.thespruceeats.com/volume-conversions-chart-1328757


EGT-Food For Thoyght, History of Franch Pastry and Confectionery, Retrived 3 March 2019
http://www.eattheglobe.com/story/the-history-of-french-pastry-and-confectionery-1100




Alexa Lauren Patisserie, 640x472 pexels, Retrived 23 March 20109
http://alexalaurenpatisserie.co.uk/2016/08/11/patisserie-history/


Orlova maria, unsplashed, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://unsplash.com/photos/kU7TkW9FIJY


Donna hay, Donna hay, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://cdn.donnahaycdn.com.au/images/content-images/Chocolate_eclairs.jpg


Ricardio, ricardio cuisine, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://images.ricardocuisine.com/services/recipes/500x675_3142.jpg?_ga=2.116081679.846531495.1553531119-1760222331.1553531119


Unknown, taste of home, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://tmbidigitalassetsazure.blob.core.windows.net/secure/RMS/attachments/37/1200x1200/exps190417_HC163708C09_01_3b.jpg


Catalina Bas Flick, pinterest, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/6a/6e/5a/6a6e5a504156925c678d03232522c8ad.jpg


Unknown, rock recipes, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://www.rockrecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/DSC0358-1.jpg


Moenue, cloudfront, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://d3cizcpymoenau.cloudfront.net/images/27955/SFS_Fougasse-14_202.jpg


Mark, cuisine finds, retrieved from 25 march 2019 from
https://www.cuisinefiend.com/RecipeImages/Sourdough%20baguettes/sourdough-baguettes-1.jpg


https://www.allrecipes.com/

library font awesome, retrived from 25 March 2019 from
https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css
